VISE ® Installer.

setup.exe /Option

Install Options
	-s
		Causes the installer to silently process any items in its Silent Setup package. The purpose is to provide an install that can be used with a batch file; no customer intervention is required and no dialogs are displayed.
		Example: setup.exe -s
	-t
		Causes the installer to use the specified path as the default target directory. 
		Example: setup.exe -t:"C:\Program Files\My Application"
	-v
		Causes the installer to use any runtime variable values present in the specified INI file. 
		Example: setup.exe -v: varsettings.ini
	-r
		Causes the installer to use the specified INI file to record the settings made by the user during the install. The recorded install can then be played back with the -p command line switch. 
		Example: setup.exe -r: recsettings.ini
	-p
		Causes the installer to silently play back a previously recorded install using the user settings stored in the specified INI file. (User settings are recorded using the -r command line switch.)
		Example: setup.exe -p: recsettings.ini
	-l
		(lowercase L) For use by an application, this command line switch causes the installer to send progress notification messages to the specified window.
		Example: setup.exe -l listener
	-n
		For use by an application, this command line switch can optionally be used in conjunction with the -l switch to identify the installer that is sending progress notification messages.
		Example: setup.exe -l listener -n reporter
CMenu Options
	AutoIt Usage
		Template AutoIt Script, requires no recording.
		Create the Au3 template script.
		Edit any variables at the start of the script, and and shortcuts, that require deletion.
		Refer to the CMenu Help Guide. It displays sample highlighted items, to edit.
		Compile the script, into an exe, and keep it with the installer.
		Run the compiled exe, to install.
		;
		If recorded with CMenu, the ProgramName.inf is saved to the installer directory.
	Command line Usage
		Record an installation. Change filenames in command, to suit.
		 setup.exe -r: recsettings.ini
		The ProgramName.inf is saved to the root of c:\ drive, as to above command.
		But, CMenu record will save the ProgramName.inf to the installer directory.
		To silently install, use:
		 setup.exe -p: recsettings.ini
		You can add more parameters, as required.
		;
		If not record the install, and use parameters above, to the commandline.

